README.md, before:

# Sourcehold [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/sourcehold/Sourcehold.svg?branch=master)](https://travisci.org/sourcehold/Sourcehold) [![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/566293677329219595.svg?color=7389D8&label=%20&logo=discord&logoColor=ffffff)](https://discord.gg/dzdBuNy)

Open source engine implementation of Stronghold by Firefly Studios. This project is currently in an early stage of development. Once completed, it should be able to replace all editions of classic Stronghold, including the HD remaster.

---

![Imgur](https://i.imgur.com/rkk3kAt.png)

## About
Stronghold is a castle sim created by Firefly Studios in 2001. It was released for Windows and supports MacOS since
its HD remaster.
The purpose of this project is to make Stronghold playable on platforms it didn't support originally. It is not intended to be a 100% accurate source port, so there will be differences.

## Building
After cloning the repository, make sure to run `git submodule init` and `git submodule update` to fetch [cxxopts](https://github.com/jarro2783/cxxopts).

Run `cmake` in your build directory. If you're building on Windows or don't have the libraries in your `pkg-config`,
use the `-DCMAKE_PREFIX_PATH=/custom/path1/;/custom/path2/` option on the command line. Note that you have to give CMake absolute paths. 

Sourcehold uses the following libraries:
*   SDL2
*   OpenAL
*   FFmpeg (avcodec, avutil, avformat, swscale)
*   zlib's blast for PKWARE decompression

## Running
Make sure you point Sourcehold to where your game data is located, which you can do using `--path=/your/path` or copy
the files to a directory called `data` in the main folder of Sourcehold. The directory should look like this:

```
data
├── binks/
├── fx/
├── gfx/
├── gfx8/
├── gm/
├── help/
├── maps/
├── stronghold.mlb
├── sh.tex
├── delete.ani
├── hand.ani
├── jester.ani
└── sword.ani
```

## Configuration
This is either done by reading an existing Stronghold config file, found in your documents folder
under `Stronghold/stronghold.cfg`, via command line or both. Options from the command line will
overwrite the ones from the config. Available options are listed with the `--help` argument. You can also add your command line options to a file called `settings.ini`, in the form `option=value`.

Commit message:

Add simple script to build project on Mac OS. Update README.md.

README.md, after:

# Sourcehold [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/sourcehold/Sourcehold.svg?branch=master)](https://travisci.org/sourcehold/Sourcehold) [![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/566293677329219595.svg?color=7389D8&label=%20&logo=discord&logoColor=ffffff)](https://discord.gg/dzdBuNy)

Open source engine implementation of Stronghold by Firefly Studios. This project is currently in an early stage of development. Once completed, it should be able to replace all editions of classic Stronghold, including the HD remaster.

---

![Imgur](https://i.imgur.com/rkk3kAt.png)

## About
Stronghold is a castle sim created by Firefly Studios in 2001. It was released for Windows and supports MacOS since
its HD remaster.
The purpose of this project is to make Stronghold playable on platforms it didn't support originally. It is not intended to be a 100% accurate source port, so there will be differences.

## Building
After cloning the repository, make sure to run `git submodule init` and `git submodule update` to fetch [cxxopts](https://github.com/jarro2783/cxxopts). 

Sourcehold uses the following libraries:
*   SDL2
*   OpenAL
*   FFmpeg (avcodec, avutil, avformat, swscale)
*   zlib's blast for PKWARE decompression

Run `cmake` in your build directory.

###Windows

If you're building on Windows or don't have the libraries in your `pkg-config`,
use the `-DCMAKE_PREFIX_PATH=/custom/path1/;/custom/path2/` option on the command line. Note that you have to give CMake absolute paths.

###Mac OS
Simply run `build.sh` from `macos` directory in repository root. This script will install Homebrew in order to install all necessary dependencies.

## Running
Make sure you point Sourcehold to where your game data is located, which you can do using `--path=/your/path` or copy
the files to a directory called `data` in the main folder of Sourcehold. The directory should look like this:

```
data
├── binks/
├── fx/
├── gfx/
├── gfx8/
├── gm/
├── help/
├── maps/
├── stronghold.mlb
├── sh.tex
├── delete.ani
├── hand.ani
├── jester.ani
└── sword.ani
```
Also you should create  `saves` directory near your  `data`  folder.

## Configuration
This is either done by reading an existing Stronghold config file, found in your documents folder
under `Stronghold/stronghold.cfg`, via command line or both. Options from the command line will
overwrite the ones from the config. Available options are listed with the `--help` argument. You can also add your command line options to a file called `settings.ini`, in the form `option=value`.
